# YEAR-IN-REVIEW
This year has been a turning point for me and it still is. Much has happened, though I tell myself there is still little and more to come. Let's take a look at it….

## SCHOOL
This is my last year here at this school. On the one hand, I'm very happy to leave, but on the other hand, I'm going to miss it here. I'm still wondering whether to move on and finish those two years, but at another school. I thought writing The Bachelorette would be hard, but I chose a subject that I was very interested in, and heavy writing suddenly made it fun to write and find out new information. The rest of this year is going to be tough deciding what to do next. Whether to go straight to work or go on to education. I'm deciding between acting school and police school, and yes, it's something else entirely. I studied Architecture high school, now I'm studying photography, and I want something else next. See where the roads take me

## WORK
I've worked as a bartender since I was 15 and I still enjoy it. I've got my team under me that I'm teaching and that I'm taking care of. For the last year I started working as a hotel animator abroad and in the Czech Republic for children and adults, and my friend and I got so into it that we are starting our own company for children's celebrations and festivals. Furthermore, since I study photography, I also work in photography. This year I got to do an amazing job in the porn industry. I've got my freedom there, I've been working out my consistency, I've met a lot of interesting people there, and I plan to keep doing it, because everyone there trusts me and I have my freedom there. Next, I work with guest houses where weddings are done and they would like me to take pictures of them there. Next, we're starting a project with a friend about self-development for kids in high school- but that's the secret so far. Well, I think I have a lot going on right now, but for me it is, and always will be, very little.

## LIFE
And about my personal life? There's plenty of that, too.. I still feel like moving on, and I think I'm shifting more and more every year. I have a new member of my family- her name is Bianca. Unfortunately my grandmother was very ill and she got a puppy and died a few months later. The whole family wanted to donate or sell it to someone, but I said it was the only memory of my grandmother and I was going to keep her and now? I have my little naughty daughter- she may be a puppy, but she's like my little girl. Next, I stayed for several months in Greece, where my island, hotel and belongings were burned down. We were fighting for our lives and yes it was a terrible situation, but it was very much able to move me around in life and really set up my brain in other ways, so I'm happy for this experience. During this year, which has been really hard for me, I've come to know who my real friends are and I've been able to take the rest of the people out of my life, even though it's been hard sometimes, but now I'm completely satisfied because some people have pushed me deep into the deep and let me drown. I had a knee operation as well, I was so scared of not walking or having any problems, but I had a great doctor and now? I can play sports again, I can dance and I can enjoy life again. Despite all the obstacles, I am probably as satisfied as I could be right now and I hope it will continue like this.
